Fix lint issues (#2951)
exercism/java: exercises/concept/remote-control-competition/.docs/hints.md

## 3. Allow the production cars to be ranked

- See [this discussion][sort] of sorting.

> - See [this][comparable] for default comparison of objects.

Reviewer: Suggestion for a more descriptive link

```suggestion
- See [Comparable's Javadocs][comparable] for default comparison of objects.
```
